[Security] Deprecate `UserInterface` & `TokenInterface`'s `eraseCredentials()` (#59106)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/SecurityBundle/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add `Security::isGrantedForUser()` to test user authorization without relying on the session. For example, users not currently logged in, or while processing a message from a message queue
 * Add encryption support to `OidcTokenHandler` (JWE)

>  * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials on your own e.g. upon `AuthenticationTokenCreatedEvent` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate the `erase_credentials` config option, erase credentials using e.g. `__serialize()` on the user class instead
```
